Shawn Phalen: Hey, I'm so sorry.
Galaxy A50: Thank you so much for seeing me I have a feeling I know what happened that
Galaxy A50: The new guy. I had a different problem.
Galaxy A50: On Monday as well.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. What happened to heat Chucky when earlier today.
Galaxy A50: No, he checked me in at eight o'clock. I mean, it's a at like 745, uh, but he said something. Oh, like, oh, let me see if you can see a Sean because
Galaxy A50: You had group today. And I said, No, I did. And then he's like, oh, okay. So you have and then he couldn't. And then all of a sudden he's like, okay, I see it. I see you have an appointment and he must have just thought group and check me on to do. Do you do have group you also carry
Shawn Phalen: No. So what happened is I saw this morning and he
Shawn Phalen: Checked human somebody check you in the morning.
Galaxy A50: No afternoon. It wasn't a check in. They had a question, because I never paid yesterday. Okay, and
Shawn Phalen: What it did is it took you out of the eight o'clock spot like
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So that's what happened. And I was like, Oh, she must have reschedule. And then, okay, all right. Sorry.
Galaxy A50: But then they say, for every question log into the virtual clinic. So if that does that, then I can effectively use my appointments. Oh, that's so annoying.
Shawn Phalen: Well, it doesn't mean that you, it just, it was bizarre. So now I know if that happens again that it's just that I just
Shawn Phalen: I just take it and do something else was going on. So,
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, okay. Sorry, how are you
Galaxy A50: So I'm good. I know, two weeks ago, I wasn't so good. And I'd like to explain and also I would like to tell you. And this is not to gloat I'm just letting you know you were wrong.
Galaxy A50: The guy really had a hidden agenda Bobo were either. I was wrong. Was I assumed it was personal.
Galaxy A50: It wasn't personal. It was he was trying to cover his own ass. So there's two things that could be playing a role here.
Galaxy A50: I have a feeling that either didn't realize or he didn't want to take on the responsibility of being the supervisor during the supervisor time between Hayden, and I, right. So that could be it. Pretty much. That's what I would think, because he started backpedaling for no reason.
Galaxy A50: Then he you know that he involved his boss right his supervisor. Did I tell you that. Okay, so all of a sudden he stopped answering me
Galaxy A50: Oh wait, the date that we spoke was the day I think that I was supposed to have an appointment with him. So, yeah.
Galaxy A50: We went back and forth, because this is where it got really upsetting to me. He kept trying to convince me in emails that I'm asking for something else that I'm that I'm not asking. He kept making it about Hayden's privacy.
Galaxy A50: But I never said violate his privacy. So then his supervisor tries to ship with me and I'm so sick of hated people putting words in my mouth.
Galaxy A50: So I said, I said it like four times or I was like oh let me assure you, and I was respectful and all, but I was like, I don't know where you getting this that's not what's happening I'm going by what true tool.
Galaxy A50: And how we finally ended this and that was on a very positive note is that kind of cornered them into since he did recommend having one on one. I mean,
Galaxy A50: To him, and I sessions family sessions, they recommended family therapists to me, probably because they wanted to get out of this particular corner that I accidentally box them into again. I didn't mean to.
Galaxy A50: I knew that I felt the talks should be supervised. But I'm thinking, who's better to supervise talks my hillbilly ex husband or, you know, a counselor.
Galaxy A50: So now I had to submit a request to my ex husband and he's not answering, which means he's just been as he. I'm going to go away.
Galaxy A50: And yeah, that's it. And hopefully I'll, I'll go on from here because I'm going to try and see if maybe Hayden could appear by zoom also because
Galaxy A50: We're both have legal custody. The only issue is Hayden. Somebody has to drive eight and he can't get there.
Galaxy A50: So if I get Hayden to download zoom, then I'm in much better shape.
Galaxy A50: Have you talked to Hayden lately. Yes. So there was another little problem. I don't know if it's add or if it's
Galaxy A50: Just generally, I guess, changing. Puberty or whatever. But he really blew me off on Mother's Day and. But the thing is, we talked about it the night before.
Galaxy A50: So I don't understand why. And he said, Oh, I was doing homework all day, and I almost want to say, I don't believe you, but I can't say that. But the only way I got two year Hayden's voice.
Galaxy A50: Is because me being a detective that I am, I tried contacting my ex husband, a few times and then he wasn't obviously responding or answering
Galaxy A50: So then I decided the only way I get a response if I'm pretending I'm someone else but it has to be someone that he doesn't expect
Galaxy A50: Me to try and have any connection with so I downloaded an app with a fake phone number. I picked his ex wife's number. And he was so shocked, he picked up the phone and then he had no choice but to let me talk to him.
Galaxy A50: See, I don't want to do these things, but
Galaxy A50: This is the card that life dealt me
Galaxy A50: And there's been quite a few things that make no sense to me. And I'm not really anxious. I'm just at this point just sad. It's been one thing after another. So, no, my
Galaxy A50: Now I need another attorney on a different matter, but whatever. We'll deal with that later.
Galaxy A50: Oh I sued by I'm sorry I keep looking over here because I have notes on what I needed to talk to you about. So I sued, an employer with the Labor Commissioner.
Galaxy A50: Because I didn't get paid for so many things and really that i mean i won a very small amount, but it's absolutely ridiculous compared to what it's like pennies on the dollar and the reasoning behind it. If you read it. The reasoning itself. But what if you know like the fact
Galaxy A50: Half the bathroom at it.
Galaxy A50: And I don't really understand why. And it's not even about the money. It's because I already know that this woman has not learned a lesson. So her winning in this case would make it so much harder for her to ever look
Galaxy A50: So yeah, and then
Galaxy A50: The everybody kept telling me well like because I didn't get my stimulus money, which is fine. I don't need it right now, but I just wish I wanted to make sure that it wasn't like hacked out of the IRS fund or whatever.
Galaxy A50: And they kept saying, well, if they did, grab it for the benefit of child support.
Galaxy A50: They'll send you a letter, the IRS itself would send you a letter. So I finally get this letter and all it says this, this is Donald Trump. Congratulations. We deposited
Galaxy A50: But it doesn't see where
Galaxy A50: So you still have no idea where to look for your ship. It's so annoying.
Shawn Phalen: You're not going to
Galaxy A50: Know,
Galaxy A50: Do you, do you see how
Galaxy A50: It, it's not like I take minor problems and blow them out of proportion. It's really that these things just keep happening to me.
Galaxy A50: Not like not like I'm not in charge of my own life, but it's like a glitch here and a glitch there and a glitch there. And eventually, it's like you don't even know which glitch to attend to first. So now the courts are supposed to be open.
Shawn Phalen: When are they reopening
Galaxy A50: So they're supposed to start rescheduling as of the 26 but they closed on March 20 and I was supposed to have a hearing on April 14
Galaxy A50: So that's, let's say, a little over three weeks. Right. So they're going to open at a much slower pace. I understand. So I have. I can't even gauge when they'll get to me.
Galaxy A50: And I really need Hayden sooner rather than later, because I need him in school and I need him in a good school and I need him where I could do him.
Galaxy A50: Because it's just embarrassing where you can watch where I can be the one doing homework with him.
Galaxy A50: He is just eat. It's not that he's not taking anything seriously except he's not learning anything and he's the type of kid when he's not learning anything whatever he learns just evaporates.
Galaxy A50: I so and I if he was somewhat self like engaging, kind of, if he could motivate himself a little bit. I'd be way easier. But he's not
Galaxy A50: So my only, I guess. Good thing. Oh, yeah. So this decision, the court, the court, the labor Commissioners decision.
Galaxy A50: There's another little issue with it. It arrived as a check, and it was supposed to arrive as a decision with sufficient time to appeal.
Galaxy A50: And when I emailed them because I actually drove there. But of course, everything's closed it said the road, the answer. The reply was, we sent you the decision on this in this day.
Galaxy A50: I have no decision. So then the attached the decision to be email. And then I realized what might have happened is, I think, and I'm not sure if it's on purpose or not my old boss had some control over what happens to my mail.
Galaxy A50: So on a very, very low chance he could have intercepted it because he knew
Galaxy A50: That the decisions technically basically favorable to the other side.
Galaxy A50: That or if he didn't do it on purpose. Then he just never bothered checking the mail.
Galaxy A50: For the readings. Now, how much is this person. Oh, you
Galaxy A50: I consider it a little over 1000 like eight and a half. And I got 856
Galaxy A50: But seriously, it's, it's one thing if if it said like, you know, the plaintiffs didn't bring enough evidence or whatever I showed plenty
Galaxy A50: It's just a total woman. What about 50% of it is the one with like the big monetary like penalties added to it is Omid
Galaxy A50: I don't know i i have to just really think about and read it over again. I sent it to a lawyer who looked at over who's a really good friend of mine, and he said, let it go because it's a sound decision, but I wasn't gonna like start
Galaxy A50: This person's doing me a favor. I couldn't just be like well effects are omitted. So I need to actually have
Galaxy A50: Like a face to face or virtual face to face conference and show the other attorney, like the professional labor dispute attorney what what I have and see if that's so, like, for example, this lady rates playing diff one sick pay,
Galaxy A50: Because she was supposed to have surgery but she didn't put it on the card.
Galaxy A50: Like the clock in card. Well, yeah, but that's because I was at home recuperating from surgery and pay period was ending. So I text her and I had the text that clearly says, hey, add a five hours to BECAUSE WE USED TO WORK IN FIVE HOUR SHIFTS at five hours for my surgery.
Galaxy A50: And it like a good employee employer would have been like, What are you talking about, and a dish, like a reply was something like, oh, for one day.
Galaxy A50: And so, and I didn't think anything of it. And honestly, I don't think it was on purpose. I think after the fact, she realized, oh, I don't have to pay her because there's, there might be a good
Galaxy A50: So, and I specifically said, Oh, I'm sorry for Friday. And then I added. I apologize. I like it. And then I'm not used to it so well. What do you want, it's like a new pill that I'm on, and I'm at home bleeding.
Galaxy A50: Did I really have to do anything other than send a text message which I had. So it's like things, things like that. And it makes me, of course, want to be like, Yo, you don't want to do a job, go get a different job, Commissioner.
Galaxy A50: In in in deleting that the lady who I was going against
Galaxy A50: She was so clearly lying, that the Commissioner a few times. She just she all and you know she has to stay calm and neutral, but a couple of times. She was like, I could read it in her face.
Galaxy A50: So I don't know what it's like she clearly showed how much she disliked the other party compared to me at least.
Galaxy A50: And I don't know what else to do.
Galaxy A50: It's like, no matter what I try something. And luckily, I'm not a depressed person. Otherwise, this could be really bad for me but I gotta just win at least on the things that I'm that the laws on my side, let alone. Sometimes
Galaxy A50: throw me a bone here and there. I'm not even talking about that.
Galaxy A50: So, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: I think it really depends on where you want your focus to be and where you want your energy.
Galaxy A50: I don't, I don't know what you're saying. It depends on what
Shawn Phalen: Depends on where you want your focus to be and where you want your energy to be spent.
Galaxy A50: Well, I want my, my focus is on tying up loose ends and moving on with my life.
Shawn Phalen: Okay.
Galaxy A50: And but I constantly get the runaround, so after and I'm not saying like, oh, life built me about card. But what I'm saying is
Galaxy A50: All situations. This is one that I did nothing wrong. Like, I see how what I did with Hayden at the airport is off, and I am so lucky that the judge is the only reason why he's giving me the second chances, because my ex husband left Hayden with me. It's not like
Galaxy A50: It's not like he wanted Hayden, and the judge awarded him to me first. And now, he'd be like, oh, I regret doing this. Let me give it give the child to the Father. It literally was that will the mothers was doing all this everybody's allowed a quick hiccup.
Galaxy A50: In this in this particular case I did nothing.
Galaxy A50: And they would in the the testimony that they gave me and they gave us was so our religious in so improbable, and I kept I kept challenging it I have things to challenge it with. What else could I have possibly done
Galaxy A50: A show. It's not so much focus. It's just like when people say, well, what's the point of trying. Nothing good happens to I always laugh at people like that, but at the same time. I'm thinking will if something like that happened to somebody who wasn't
Galaxy A50: Sorry for, for lack of a better expression, not as intelligent or as educated as me.
Galaxy A50: In didn't have that bigger picture in their mind or had depression problems this amount of crap would put them deeper in deeper and
Galaxy A50: So I'm actually thinking I'm doing pretty well. Um, but at least the only thing that's working out for me is that I get to see my clients, which a lot of people don't. And my clients have always been a big deal to me.
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: How often are you working
Galaxy A50: Whenever somebody needs me. And I'm sorry I'm working like on the DL kind of
Galaxy A50: But what am I supposed to do. I'm getting no small business help because apparently I opened my business that the weird time
Galaxy A50: The cutoff was FAVOR OF FEBRUARY 15 which I don't understand why there's the cutoff.
Galaxy A50: And I don't want to stop paying rent, because then I won't, I won't find Dad Good and that cheap of a place
Galaxy A50: Right, if we were to be open right um
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So,
Shawn Phalen: With the stimulus check
Shawn Phalen: It might have deposited in the raw someone else's account.
Galaxy A50: So they originally the IRS said I didn't even know that was supposed to be a letter. Originally, the IRS if you went into just check the status, it's check with your bank.
Galaxy A50: The bank said nothing was even wired to my info period. So for me, and then as I kept digging and digging and said, if the check was diverted somewhere you will receive a letter. So like for example, did you receive a letter.
Shawn Phalen: No.
Galaxy A50: No. Okay, so this letter must have just been sent to people like me, whose money somehow went somewhere else. But the check literally says this is Donald Trump. I sent you.
Galaxy A50: Know the weather. Yeah, well,
Galaxy A50: I do know what I'm talking about. I'm yeah
Galaxy A50: It's a little bit that they send out. Yeah.
Galaxy A50: So then everybody got
Shawn Phalen: That's that was the idea that not everybody got it. I don't think
Galaxy A50: Okay, so then I'm supposed to get probably another letter that says, oops. We intercepted it. Okay, so I didn't know about this. I thought that this was it.
Galaxy A50: Okay, well I'm at this point. I don't even want my money. I just want something to get resolved.
Galaxy A50: Like, one thing that I could go. Okay, check this is finished.
Galaxy A50: So, yeah.
Galaxy A50: Otherwise, I'm doing okay.
Galaxy A50: My mother's day of course sucked.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, that's and then my half birthday kind of sucked the week prior to, I know I celebrate my half birthday.
Galaxy A50: But that's because
Hmm.
Shawn Phalen: I like that. I've never heard of that.
Galaxy A50: What it's because I gave birth to my son on my half birthday. So then we became each other's have birthday present and love it.
Galaxy A50: So, and he he was so rude to me.
Galaxy A50: I don't even know. Like, he was rude to me. And when I and I was very calm about it.
Galaxy A50: And then when we talked about it a few days later, I was like, what was that about, and he goes, oh, I didn't want you to say something mean so I instantly said that what he said to me, and I was like, why would I be mean.
Galaxy A50: And of course, I want to say is somebody telling you these things, but I can and I was like, why would you an English. Because last time I mentioned this one person you've got mad.
Galaxy A50: Well yeah, I did. But when he mentioned this person. I didn't get mad at him. I got mad at my ex husband and he was something about what that person was doing it had nothing to do with my son's birthday.
Galaxy A50: So I know that it's in his case, it's a misunderstanding, but it's a big misunderstanding that if somebody doesn't know how I really am they, going to read this and be like, What is this relationship between these two.
Galaxy A50: And and then one more thing.
Galaxy A50: I guess my parents sent my. Did I tell you this. My assessment. Yeah, they sent him money.
Galaxy A50: I think I told you this, your parents and your excess money yeah why
Galaxy A50: I'm in there jacked up mind they were hoping with Hayden.
Galaxy A50: Hayden didn't see a penny of this
Galaxy A50: But Hayden doesn't know how much certain amount of money really is worth so I know that my parents sent, I want to say probably between four and 500
Galaxy A50: And I don't know if it was because my ex husband might have said, oh, Dina doesn't pay child support or something like that, which is not true.
Galaxy A50: But my ex husband brought him a dog from the shelter right and said, your grandparents bought this for you.
Galaxy A50: And kept the money.
Galaxy A50: Of course, in the grand scheme of things. I'd rather it be that way because I'd rather save a dog from a shelter or from somebody's home can keep it.
Galaxy A50: Then, but this dog is clearly it was somebody choice to get this dog. It's microchips, it's like, ready to go. So, something must have had this was no puppy that somebody wanted to get rid of.
Galaxy A50: So, and I can't be like a yo Hayden Chuck doubts pockets.
Galaxy A50: And then I know, I know, I know, say I might come off a little frazzled. But in addition to everything.
Galaxy A50: My ex husband when to Idaho child support and is trying to collect through that. So I had to try and get them. It's, it's just I I really always wanted him to have a hobby. I didn't realize that I was the hobby.
Shawn Phalen: Did you ask your parents, where they spent money.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, well, I don't really speak to either of them. But it was done as if for Hayden. But the thing is, everybody knows my ex husband has this very strange idea about money.
Galaxy A50: It's better not to get him not to give them anything. Like if if he if he says I need blah, blah, blah. Go buy it for them, then hand them money. It's kind of like, don't you know don't give a homeless $1 go buy him dollar worth of whatever
Galaxy A50: At not only does he not use it correctly.
Galaxy A50: When my parents have shown any kind of generosity to him. He would literally cut me off from money or go to court and argue that
Galaxy A50: What her dad must be helping her. Why should I so it in my parents, giving him anything actually costs me money in the long
Galaxy A50: And of course, I'm never gonna let him keep this dog. I'm going to take it with me when I take Hayden back to California, because at this man needs to learn. So then I'm going to have a husky to take care of.
Galaxy A50: I'm not, I don't mind because it's my choice.
Galaxy A50: But I know how he is in a sense that everything is a competition with him so
Galaxy A50: If I don't take this dog from him, or at least try to it's going to become OC. She was powerless and it's just it's it's not
Galaxy A50: Like some people say, well, you got to let things go like don't engage don't. It does not work with him. The moment you distance from the conflict.
Galaxy A50: He pushes even more because he feels like he does not understand that it's not a victory defeat kind of situation. It's that I just don't want to deal with him anymore.
Galaxy A50: So overall, I feel like I'm actually less anxious than I could be
Galaxy A50: I just have a long to do list.
Galaxy A50: And I don't really know what and how
Galaxy A50: It what what i can do and how I can get Hayden, and I to have sessions. I mean, of course, I'm going to keep trying, but to some extent.
Galaxy A50: Depending on timeframes. It's almost best not to because then Hayden is going to get back here and he's going to be like, Well, I'm annoyed. We have to tell this whole story.
Galaxy A50: All over again to a third adult now because he's already seeing his own therapist molto Hayden thought he liked the idea. He really, really, really wanted to see me. Oh. Remember how I told you that day that's supposedly Hayden said no, he wasn't interested in seeing me
Galaxy A50: Or maybe I didn't, I have to look at when I sent what the when I saw you, but I was told that he then decided not to have me be in session.
Galaxy A50: Well, next time I talked to Hayden like so he didn't give consent but next time I talked to hate and he asked me why I wanted to, I could listen in on his session. So the way the guy for treating
Galaxy A50: His mom will just sit there and listen to what they're talking about, which is ridiculous.
Galaxy A50: So this guy tried everything possible to cause a problem, but I really hope because he also has to talk to that Liliana Liliana really great lady I really hope this doesn't come and bite me in the ass in any way. But all I wanted was just to chat with a counselor and my kid.
Galaxy A50: See your
Shawn Phalen: Is your, is your doing that too. Is he going and having sessions with Hayden that you know
Galaxy A50: No, but he can
Galaxy A50: I don't see him ever wanting to do anything like that. He's only doing this because it's court ordered he now has yeah
Galaxy A50: I took my son to a birthday party once and I said, he said something like, why did blah, blah, blah. And I said, well, I took him to a birthday party like two different errands, you know. And he said, Well, who asked you to
Galaxy A50: So he doesn't quite like grasp that it's, you can do it just because it's what a parent does
Galaxy A50: It's more like somebody made me
Yeah.
Galaxy A50: Any thoughts.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, I mean I would so Hayden is he's it the court order that he see a therapist.
Galaxy A50: Uh huh. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: It's a therapist that he sees on his
Galaxy A50: On his own like oh he's well I don't know there's he's inside a group pediatric group.
Galaxy A50: And then, no, no.
Shawn Phalen: So this therapy, it's one on one counseling.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, yeah, uh huh. Yeah, and that's the court order.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, but that's for Hayden's trauma of being separated from anybody else can do whatever Hayden, and I used to see a therapist here.
Shawn Phalen: No, I understand.
Shawn Phalen: I'm just trying to okay so he's doing, he's doing individual therapy up there because it's a court order and
Galaxy A50: You have a therapist.
Shawn Phalen: Right, that he works with
Shawn Phalen: And you were wanting to have sessions with Hayden with his counselor.
Galaxy A50: I originally just wanted one session. So the gentleman COULD HELP US COMMUNICATE but
Galaxy A50: A dental like I wanted like half an hour, maybe just because there were certain things that being said that maybe didn't come across correctly.
Galaxy A50: Between me and Hayden, and then we could both individually handle like
Galaxy A50: Like for example, I want help, and I want to learn how to not get my feelings hurt by certain things right but i at the same time, when he didn't to learn not to say certain things.
Galaxy A50: Just because that seems like the quick easy thing to do. Like he wrote me something about making a mistake, but it wasn't that big of a mistake and I was trying to kind of get him to not worry about this so much. And I was doing a very good job. I mean, I didn't dismiss him in any way.
Galaxy A50: I address that he had an issue.
Galaxy A50: I suggested that this is not that big of a deal and to look on the positive and then I kind of try to take his mind off it with something else. And he wrote me unblocking unit.
Shawn Phalen: So here's the deal. If he is quarter to do his own therapy that into the own therapy that it's not the forum for you to say, hey, can you help us learn how to communicate the therapist.
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So the therapist is going to work directly with Hayden, and it's actually because this is court ordered
Galaxy A50: Yeah, I get it.
Galaxy A50: But what I don't like is that he kept lying to me for however long if he would have just told me this. Yeah, the whole thing would have been taken care of fast. So now I have a different therapist and
Galaxy A50: Everything is set except my ex husband being the driver will not make the appointment to bring Hayden.
Shawn Phalen: Well, it's court ordered. He has to do that.
Galaxy A50: Well, it's not. It's the recommendation of the court ordered a counselor. So that's what I'm saying. Is it like a chain reaction kind of thing. I have no idea, but I have nobody to complain to and under the circumstances. I'm kind of okay but this. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: It's not court ordered by the judge.
Not a court order.
Galaxy A50: No, I get that. It's not a court order, but I was not aware that for everything that I asked my ex husband, I have to have a court order like some people should just use their brain.
Galaxy A50: So for me to be able to get a court order he first has to somehow say no or ignore me right so he's now been ignoring me for about five, six days.
Galaxy A50: I'm fine with this. It's just at the moment.
Galaxy A50: I have nobody to complain to time is, however, passing and
Galaxy A50: I feel like it could really help us, but there's nothing I can do.
Galaxy A50: I'm not trying to enforce a quarter. I'm just trying to help myself and my son stay as close as we used to be. Yeah. And I know it's really hard.
Shawn Phalen: Not there.
You 12 right
Shawn Phalen: So that's kind of the age where they start to pull away.
Sir, to try and find their independence.
Galaxy A50: I completely respect this except my son is not really doing this. He is more Miss quoting somebody or miss.
Galaxy A50: Miss raising me and the same things that are somewhat hurtful and somewhat almost non existent. Yeah.
Galaxy A50: So when I explained, like we we wait, what are you referring to, then he's like, oh, okay. So I wrote him if I could just very quickly.
Galaxy A50: He likes those cards, you know, the ones that when you open something jiggles and shakes. So I got one for my birthday, and it was like a Kim Kardashian looking lady and her but shook and divided
Galaxy A50: So, and my son, to this day, think sparks are hilarious. So his card that I sent him you open the card and it says, it says redneck fireworks and as you open it, it makes this part in like an exclusion thing.
Galaxy A50: My son's reaction was haha very funny in I'm just like, What, now, like how do you not like something with barks, and he's like,
Galaxy A50: Are you being sarcastic know why because you said everybody in Idaho is a redneck
Galaxy A50: Like I never set this so then it becomes even though I did not mean to it becomes somewhat argumentative right suit. And I was like, Hayden. Never in my life have I said
Galaxy A50: And then he's like, No, you. You said this, you always say this. So if somebody just listening to this part, I'm coming off the bat. Right. And then I'm like,
Galaxy A50: Are you talking about the fact that I said that Idaho North Idaho and white militia is a bunch of white dumb hillbillies. And he said, yeah, yeah. You said that
Galaxy A50: We're talking about white supremacists living in in the woods. Up, up in trees and shooting at people versus Idaho residents.
Galaxy A50: Do you see what I'm so it and then he's okay. So, and of course I can be like Hayden. Did somebody tell you that rednecks and hillbillies were like the same thing.
Galaxy A50: Or at not that they're just not the same thing. He'll these hillbillies are quite wealthy and have a lot of political support to I never called Idahoans rednecks though.
Galaxy A50: So it's one more thing that I constantly have to explain myself.
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Galaxy A50: Well, I've taken so much of your time. Thank you so much for letting me get it off my chest.
Shawn Phalen: So let's do that.
God's will.
Shawn Phalen: What about, um, tell me again when your group is
Galaxy A50: On Mondays and Tuesdays.
Shawn Phalen: Can you can you do
Shawn Phalen: Make 27 530
Galaxy A50: And what day is that
Galaxy A50: A Wednesday. Yes.
Shawn Phalen: Okay so may 27 at 530
Shawn Phalen: Right, I'm putting you in
Galaxy A50: Process. Perfect, thank you so much and then
Galaxy A50: Oh yeah, so the letter I very quickly. So, Jenna. Jenna, Dr. Jamison wrote another letter to ready for us to file it on my behalf and I had another drug test that was fine. And yeah, that's it. So if Liliana happens to call you before, please.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, to get my son out of Idaho.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, definitely. If she calls me. I mean, I'll let you know when
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, I'll see you on the 27th.
Galaxy A50: Thank you, bye. Good night.